Adds 'deploy reverse proxy' to feature flag best practices. (#10710)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/best-practices.mdx

sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---
## 1. Use a reverse proxy

> Ad blockers can interfere with your feature flags, causing them to be disabled and users having a bad experience, or seeing the wrong version of your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ad blockers have the potential to disable your your feature flags, which can lead to bad experiences for end users (for example, they could see the wrong version of your app, or miss a new feature rollout).
```

> To avoid this, deploy a reverse proxy, which allows you to send events to PostHog Cloud using your own domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid this, deploy a reverse proxy, which enables you to make requests and send events to PostHog Cloud using your own domain.
```

> This means that requests are less likely to be intercepted by tracking blockers, and your feature flags will work as intended. You'll also capture more usage data.

Reviewer 2: Since reverse proxy isn't perfect, I don't know if we can say "flags will work as intended". More likely, sure.
```suggestion
This means that requests are less likely to be intercepted by tracking blockers, and your feature flags are more likely to work as intended. You'll also capture more usage data.
```
